Mom
What are you doing? If you give me money obediently
Should I treat you like this?
I said I have no money
Sister, how can you lie?
I can listen to Zhao Tingchuan with my own ears
He took half of your fortune
Even if fixed assets are not available
That should be a lot of cash, right?
Wake up. You made Mom do this
Are you crazy?
Why do you talk like that?
We are family
Isn't it right to give some money?
Nope.
So heartless
Ah, I heard you seem to be pregnant.
Then what do you think will happen if I go down with this knife?
What do you mean?
Why are you still holding a knife?
It doesn't mean just tie up the money he took
Mom
Do you still want to save the company?
Do you want to make Dad's efforts stronger and bigger?
Do you still want to live a superior life?
Sister, I have the final say here
I'll give you one more chance.
Are you giving or not?
On the divorce agreement
It's really half of the property I can get
But the money hasn't come yet.
You don't know what's going on.
Did you forget him?
The property that Gu Tingchuan said at the beginning
When do you work part-time?